Bea: Previously on Ponies
-Is that him?
Snowshoe's recruit?
[in Russian]
-Earlier this evening. a small
aircraft crashed in a field.
Both of your husbands
were on that plane.
-What if there's a connection
between the stuff you guys
are working on and
what happened to this woman?
-Can I ask why
you're so concerned
with an anonymous woman?
Twila: I'm an anonymous woman.
-A dozen women.
all of them murdered.
all of them prostitutes.
Twila: And you think
they are connected?
-Some of these were my friends.
They're all gone.
Not this one. though.
This one I don't know.
-I need to borrow your place
for like. an hour. maybe two.
Could you just go
someplace else?
-You're here because
you want answers.
It's for that reason it is
worth pushing past this fear.
to get one step closer
to what you really want.
[♪]
["Jeans On"
by David Dundas playing]
♪ When I wake up ♪
♪ In the morning light ♪
♪ I pull on my jeans
And I feel all right ♪
♪ I pull my blue jeans on ♪
♪ I pull my old blue jeans on ♪
-[panting] I have bad shoes.
I think-- I think
these are bad shoes. [sighs]
-Yeah. sure. it's the shoes.
-Yeah. How are you so fast?
-State champion in track.
-I'm surprised.
-Well. I'm surprising.
-Wait. what was that?
-What was what?
-Her.
Twila: The old lady?
-What do you think she wants?
-I don't know.
Some knitting needles.
a little cane.
the sweet relief of death?
-I don't like
how she's looking at us.
-Oh! Look at you go! Okay!
Even with the bad shoes. wow!
[both panting]
-Did we lose her?
[panting]
-No. she's keeping up.
Impressive.
[both panting]
Okay.
[Twila exclaims]
[in Russian]
-I'm called Vera.
I'm not KGB.
Give the information
to your Mr. Dane Walter.
The facility has moved.
I will get him the new location.
[tense music]
-What in the shit?
[theme music]
-So if she's not KGB.
does that mean she works for us?
-No. but she is someone
useful to know on both sides.
There are things
an American officer
cannot get in the USSR.
Someone like Vera can help
facilitate these things.
-Well. things like what?
-Like poison.
-Forged travel papers.
uh. foreign currency.
-Stolen art.
-Airplanes.
-What did she offer you?
She wouldn't have
sent you back here
without offering you something.
Twila: Uh.
she didn't offer us anything.
-She's offering you information.
The thing you desperately want
and would do anything for.
-You think she's lying?
-People in her line of work
do not get return customers
if they lie.
But they also know how to tell
you things you want to hear.
-Well. I mean. we wanna hear it.
so how-- how do we
get in touch with her?
-Check your pockets.
[tense music]
-Oh.
-Wow.
[Dane sighs]
-Okay. Twila. You're up.
-Me? I get to--
I get to run this op?
[♪]
What does this even mean?
-Ah. well.
it's pretty clever. actually.
People in Vera's line of work.
they use these symbols
to communicate.
So there's a man
they call Caterpillar.
He works in the KGB
Kompromat facility.
He-- he's fed us information
through the various channels.
Look. if there's anyone
who's gonna know
where the facility is. it's him.
-Right.
What's the. uh. big knife for?
-That's probably Pavel.
the Butcher.
He's Vera's contact.
You see. Caterpillar is so deep
in cover in the KGB system
that Vera probably
doesn't know who he is.
So. the Butcher is gonna
reach out to Caterpillar.
set up the meeting.
-Who's she?
-That's Vera.
-Really?
-Yeah.
I mean. maybe 20 years ago.
-Twenty? Really?
Okay.
Where am I supposed to meet her?
-The Yaravoi violin factory.
1:00 p.m.. Friday.
-Which symbol means that?
-Oh. she wrote it on the back.
-Oh.
-Hey. um. you should know.
Vera knew Tom and Chris.
-Right. Yeah. you said
she could get airplanes.
You think maybe she knows
something about the crash?
-It's pretty likely. yes.
-Even if she did know something.
I mean. would she even tell me?
-If you do everything
she tells you to
maybe.
-Okay.
[heartfelt music]
Why'd Dane pick me
for this mission?
-Well. because I told him to.
-Why'd you do that?
-Because I know
how much you care
about the women in Moscow
that no one else cares about.
That's Vera.
-[knocking on door]
-[siren wailing in distance]
[Sasha sighs]
-[knocking continues]
-[Sasha sniffs]
[Andrei sighs]
[in Russian]
[dramatic music]
[laughing]
[Sasha breathing heavily]
[lock clicks]
["Good Morning Judge"
by 10cc playing]
♪ Well. good morning. Judge
How are you today? ♪
♪ I'm in trouble
Please put me away ♪
♪ A pretty thing
Took a shine to me ♪
♪ I couldn't stop it
So I let it be ♪
-Good morning. I am Eevi.
I am your nanny.
I-- I took the night train in
from Helsinki.
-No. Uh. no. you are
not the woman that I hired.
The woman I hired had
experience. you know. he-- heft.
-Oh.
-So.
-The agency
sent me all this way.
It was a 13-hour journey.
-Oh.
-Yeah. I assure you.
I have years of experience.
I don't see how that's possible.
'cause you don't
have years of anything.
-Just--
-Hello. Hey. Who are you?
-She says she's the nanny.
-Eevi.
-Oh! It's very nice to meet you.
I'm Ray. this is Cheryl.
-Here. let me take your bag.
-Nope. No. No. no. We're gonna
leave the bag. because
I'm gonna call the agency.
-'cause this was a mistake.
-Do you want anything to drink?
The coffee's bad.
tea's even worse.
Why-- why don't I
introduce you to Trent?
-Trent. buddy! Come in here.
-Sir?
Ray: I got someone
for you to meet!
-We're gonna get this sorted
out soon. so stay close. please.
Don't unpack.
And we're not gonna unpack.
Okay? Just one second.
-Alan: Down a tiny bit.
-Bea: Is that--
Alan: I think.
that-- that-- Let go.
That's perfect.
I knew it was a little off.
[sighs] It's a Malevich.
Are you familiar?
Actually. I am. yeah.
-Art history minor.
-Ah.
-You sure that's okay?
-Yeah. it looks great.
-Yeah?
-[Alan sighs]
-Hmm.
-Yeah.
-One of the perks of this job?
Access to the desperate
and formerly rich.
I got this for a song from
a high level politburo member
with a gambling addiction.
[sighs]
Someday it'll be worth millions.
He'll be pretty sour
he made that deal.
I have an eye for these things.
When I served in Berlin
in the '50s.
I bought a Degas.
-Really?
Was it stolen Nazi art?
-Well.
not when I got my hands on it.
I paid for it.
which makes it no longer stolen.
[tense music]
Bea: I saw the signal
in your window.
Andrei showed up?
Well. what did you say?
-[sighs] I-- I said
that I was your boyfriend.
-Oh.
-I know. It was
the first idea I thought of.
I-- I said I knew
about your infidelity.
-I'm so sorry I'm putting you
in this position. this risk.
-Well. it's already risky.
Giving secrets to the Americans.
If they catch me
-I know. I know.
I know it's scary
and-- and-- and risky.
but-- but you have to know
that the intelligence
that you're bringing us--
-What intelligence
am I bringing you?
-The photos! And-- and--
and. uh. the technology.
-[sighs] You don't know. do you?
If what I do matters?
They don't tell you
what I'm bringing them. do they?
[train horn blaring]
I think what I'm doing
is important.
But you don't have to lie
to me for me to help you.
-I have to lie to everyone.
I'm Nadiya Melnikova.
the schoolteacher.
And you are my boyfriend.
apparently.
-Though you are cheating on me.
Oh. small hiccup in an otherwise
very strong relationship.
-[Sasha laughs]
-Okay. so what's our story. hmm?
-How did we meet?
-You don't remember?
-Well. I'm--
-My-- my umbrella broke
and I asked if
I could walk under yours.
-Of course!
-I-- I walked seven blocks
out of my way to stay near you.
-And-- and I thought
I'd never see you again.
and then one day at the market.
there you were.
-It was fate.
-[Sasha exhales]
I really am sorry.
Nadiya. Love
love means never
having to say you're sorry.
-[both laughing]
-Oh. my God!
You got a copy
of "Love Story" in Moscow?
-Yeah. Movie and book.
-How did you get
a copy of the movie?
-My work is
with video technology.
It's the technology
the Americans want me to steal.
Did-- did you know it?
[somber music]
What do I do if he comes back?
-What you're doing.
Believe the lie.
[♪]
I mean. he never had a wife.
so that must be his sister.
I mean. she--
she kinda looks like him.
-If you say so.
-Well. no. but you know so.
You know everything.
You know about Twila's
high school track career.
You know I don't take cream
in my coffee.
And you know that our Soviet
asset's sister was murdered.
-I didn't know about the cream.
We were just out of cream.
Why do you wanna know
more about your agent?
You've already almost
gotten him blown by the KGB.
-Well. I don't know. he's
putting his life on the line.
I just wanna understand why.
-I need him to trust me.
-He already trusts you.
And you trust him.
Which. by the way.
you shouldn't.
-Wait. why are we doing this
if we don't trust him?
-In many ways. you are extremely
ill-suited for this job.
But you have your reasons
for being here.
As does Redford.
And his reason is his sister.
-You think she was a prostitute?
-Looks that way.
-Who murdered her?
-The Soviet government. The KGB.
-Same organization who employs
a man you want me to date.
-It's a sensitive
undercover operation
to infiltrate
a high-level KGB agent.
-Oh. you know what I mean.
-Of course he's dangerous.
Otherwise we wouldn't
want you to spy on him.
-How dangerous is he?
Andrei.
Has he killed
a lot of people?
-You've looked into his eyes.
What do you think?
[dramatic music]
[distant laughter. chatter]
[whimsical music]
-Well. first off. it's "Carl."
not "Curl."
Why don't you go ahead
and work off of that one?
[Twila sighs]
-Oh. Cheryl. You did
such a great job with that.
Why don't you just
take over for me?
Oh. I did not do that.
Bea did. so.
No. Ray.
-Bea!
-Ray? Put that down.
-Bea: Uh-huh?
-You paint?
-Uh. yeah.
-Wow.
A woman of many talents
that involve sitting down.
-Sure.
[Bea clears throat]
It's time.
[sighs]
-Okay.
-I thought they would
send the other girl.
-Why?
-She spoke Russian.
-Well. uh. you're speaking
English. and. uh. they sent me.
So. what do you need me to do?
-Pavel. the butcher.
took a great risk
contacting Caterpillar.
For that. he needs money.
$100.000 in American currency.
By tomorrow night.
-That's a lot of money.
-You're the American government.
It shouldn't be too difficult.
-Okay. I'll try. Yeah. I'll
work on it. I just-- you know.
we don't keep that kind of cash
lying around at the Embassy.
-And I need a passport.
-For who? Pavel?
-Passport is for me.
This is the cost
of my help to you.
I can't hide
in this country forever.
I want to die free.
-Okay. I'll. uh--
I'll get you the passport.
But when I do.
you're gonna get your guy.
the butcher.
to contact Caterpillar
and get the location
of this facility for Dane.
-Yes. That's our deal.
[intriguing music]
[Boris grunts]
[tense music]
[in Russian]
[man speaking Russian]
Uh
[Sasha grunting]
[♪]
[panting]
[sighs. groans]
[mutters]
-Jesus!
$100.000 in cash
by tomorrow night?
We couldn't get that in a month.
-Don't we work for the American
government? Aren't we rich?
-We have to fill out forms
to get thumbtacks.
But she's negotiating.
I think. which is a good thing.
We just have to keep her hungry.
Tell her that we can get her
a visa to a friendly nation
where the KGB won't kill her.
-Get me a visa to America. then?
-Get her a visa
to America. then.
-We can do Turkey.
-How about Greece?
-She'll still need
an American passport. though.
-What about a Greek passport?
-American. I can only
do with an American.
-Fine. Is that it?
-That it?
-Pavel still wants the money.
-I can get you something
extremely valuable
that you can sell
for a large amount of cash.
More than a hundred grand. even.
-What is that?
-I'll tell you tonight.
If you're not satisfied.
we'll call
the whole operation off.
-You'll call
the whole operation off?
What were you
planning on giving her?
-I-- I don't know. I was
just trying to buy us time.
Okay. think with me.
You need this. I need this.
What about your car?
I'm sure she'd love a car.
-I don't own a car.
I drive a West German Sedan
-owned by the Embassy.
-Right. What about watches?
-You got a Rolex or something?
-No!
-Okay. Okay.
Just. uh-- just let me think.
Let me. uh-- let me think.
Bea: He's trying
to screw with your head.
Sasha: Yeah. that's working.
My head is screwed.
He must have sent the man
who robbed me.
Whoever robbed me
didn't find this.
[Sasha sighs]
Although he could have and that
would've been the end for me.
So this is
the last thing I'll steal.
I'm sorry.
I can't do this anymore.
They're gonna torture me.
They're gonna make me
wish I was dead.
They're going to
let me live just enough
so I feel pain
every hour of my life.
I feel fear I never felt before.
Do you understand what is
at stake for me? I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I don't think
I can still do this for you.
[Sasha exhales]
-You and I both know
you're not doing this for me.
Your sister.
They killed her.
-You know about Galyna?
You know they killed her?
The KGB.
Bea: I do know
they killed a lot of women.
-A man
KGB. he came to me
one night after she died.
He said that
there were some KGB agents
who were murdering prostitutes
and Galyna was one of them.
I didn't know.
We came from Kiev to Moscow
when we were 13.
She was my only friend.
She was so excited to be here.
But then they killed her.
This country.
[laughs bitterly] Our country.
[exhales]
-Please believe me
when I say I understand.
If you walk away
no one in this world
will ever fight for her again.
-I need something.
-Anything.
-I need to know that
if they are going to torture me.
there is another option.
I've thought about this.
I need an L pill.
-I don't know what that is.
-A lethal pill. A cyanide pill.
-I don't understand.
Why do you want a cyanide pill?
-So I could bite down on it
if they come for me.
-I'm not gonna give you a pill
so you can kill yourself.
I don't want you to die.
-[chuckles] I don't
want to die either.
I will only take it
if there is no other option.
I will continue helping you.
but please
understand there's
some things worse than death.
[upbeat music playing]
-So what the fuck happened?
-Well. I-- I fucked up
is what happened.
He-- he almost quit.
and I think he still might.
Oh. and. fuck! Andrei knows
about him and he thinks
that he's my boyfriend
that I'm cheating on.
-Well. we can work with that.
-What?
-He just likes knowing
someone else is fucking ya.
-I think the KGB
sent a goon to beat him up.
-Well. is he okay?
-No. he's not okay.
He wants me to get him an L
pill. and there is no way that
Dane is gonna give me a pill
that's gonna kill our asset.
-I think I can get you
one of those.
-Really? Well. from who? How?
-Vera. Poison.
It's one of the. uh.
things she can procure.
-So she would just
give it to you. or
-Maybe.
If I can sweeten the deal.
We're in the middle
of a negotiation.
Actually. you know when
you were making fun of Alan
for his stupid painting earlier?
-Yeah?
-Could I borrow it?
-What do you mean. borrow it?
-Steal it?
-What?
-Yeah. Would you mind just.
uh. breaking into his office
really quick
and just stealing it for me?
-What the fuck?
-Please?
["Do It Again"
by Steely Dan playing]
♪ And the mourners
Are all singin' ♪
♪ As they drag you
By your feet ♪
♪ But the hangman
Isn't hangin' ♪
♪ And they put you
On the street ♪
♪ Yeah. you go back. Jack ♪
♪ Do it again ♪
-Okay. [sighs]
-[Lili laughs]
Alan: But I can't
[laughs] I just can't
-help myself any longer.
-Lili: I think about us
-every single day.
-Oh. shit!
Alan: I think about us
and all the
-Lili: Yes! [breathing heavily]
-[Bea exclaims]
Alan: Come here.
Come on. Lili. Okay. Oh
-[zippers unzipping]
-[Alan moans]
-Yeah.
-Lili: Please.
Alan: Oh. God.
[panting] Oh. God. oh.
-Lili: Just-- get the
-[clattering]
Alan: I'm sorry. Lili.
Are you okay?
-Lili: Yes. Shit.
-Alan: Okay. okay. Whoo!
-[thud]
-[Lili moaning]
Lili: Don't stop. baby!
["Love The Way" by
Jorge Santana playing]
♪ I love the way you make me ♪
-She's perfect!
Really. amazing job. Truly.
♪ I love the way
You make me smile ♪
-Oh. it's so not. It's awful.
-It's fine. Nobody-- nobody's
gonna notice these things.
-Alan will notice. He looks
at this painting all the time.
-Well. he didn't notice when
you stole it in the first place.
-Yeah. that's 'cause he was
busy having sex with Lili.
-Shep's wife?
-Yeah.
-Wow.
-Mm-hmm.
I mean. I get it.
I mean. if you had to fuck Shep.
you know? But
-Mm-hmm.
-Alan?
Bea: I know.
-Why did you do
the head just like
-I don't know!
-No. no. no.
-It wasn't my intention.
-Don't think about it.
-I know. Okay.
-I tried.
[tense music]
[in Russian]
-Man. what the fuck is this?
-Well. you're blackmailing me.
I pay you to stop
a tape from getting out
that you claim
will be very damaging to me.
A tape you claim to have.
-I do have it.
-Really?
Because I heard chatter
that you didn't.
That the facility
was compromised.
and the tape got out.
-That's a lie.
-You're over your skis.
Vasiliev.
You act like you run things.
but we both know you're just
mid-level KGB.
I don't negotiate down.
Come back when
we can talk like equals.
Andrei: I may not
run an embassy.
but. uh. you won't either.
I will send anonymous
dispatch to CIA
that the head
of the Moscow Station
well. is a fairy.
-Tell whoever you like.
My mother's dead.
I-- I don't have a priest.
I don't have a wife anymore.
Washington already knows.
I mean--
[laughs] How do you think
I ended up in Moscow?
The worst assignment in
the whole of the fucking CIA.
If this item you claim to have
is a tape of me
fucking other men.
then you really don't have it.
I'll see you around.
-Wait. Wait. wait. wait.
You stole this?
-No. no. Course not. no.
-Bea stole it.
-Are you kidding?
-Look. how else was I supposed
to find something worth 100.000?
Okay?
Your life's not even worth that.
-Oh. you're too kind.
-Look. you're the one that said
to give Vera everything
she wants if I want answers.
-so that's what I'm doing.
-You're assuming that Pavel
is gonna accept this as payment.
-Yeah. He will.
I can convince
anyone of anything.
[Pavel speaking Russian]
-He wants to know
what the painting means.
-I don't know what it means.
But I do know that it is worth
a lot of money. you know?
It's. uh. one of the-- the big.
main guy at the Embassy's.
it's his. and he's a big art
collector. so tell him that.
[speaking Russian]
Yeah.
-Tell him a little something.
Sell it a little more.
-What do you mean?
-What do you think it's about?
-Loneliness?
[speaking Russian]
I think it's about feeling
like you're part of the world
and other times like you're not.
[Vera speaking Russian]
[speaking Russian]
Actually. you know what?
Uh. never mind.
I think I'm gonna
find another buyer.
Yeah. Uh. this is
a very significant work
and it's wasted on
a moron like yourself.
[both speaking Russian]
-I'm gonna take it.
-Hey!
[Vera speaking Russian]
-No. don't take it.
He will accept this.
-Huh.
-Then he will set
the meet with Caterpillar.
You owe me a passport.
-I know. Yeah.
Uh. uh. wait. wait.
actually. uh.
I hate to ask you
for another favor. but um.
do you have a-- a suicide pill?
You know.
one of the-- the L pills.
the thing you bite down on
and you die in two seconds?
-Why?
-It's not for me.
but I'm in the middle
of another negotiation.
I don't have
any more paintings to steal.
but. uh. I do need one.
-I have one of those.
-Really? Wow.
-Just get me a passport.
[upbeat music]
[♪]
-Here it is.
-[sighs] So
that's me now.
"Pam-ella Wilson."
-Yep. that's you.
-From "Illinoise."
-Close enough. Yeah.
-And here is the pill.
-Oh. What-- what are you doing?
Oh. my God.
Okay. Wow.
Uh. you don't need it?
Vera: I did once.
Now I have since learned
it's only a fool who thinks
they can control death.
Death takes you
whenever it wants.
-I kinda wanna bite it.
You ever just wanna bite it?
-No.
-I got you
everything you wanted.
Could you. uh
could you tell me
what really happened to them.
to Tom and Chris?
-It was the Kompromat facility.
They were looking for it
when. uh. they were killed.
Caterpillar is giving us
the new coordinates.
-But was there ever
really a crash. or
-There was a plane.
Not a crash.
-Fucking hell. Tom.
-[groans] Give me a break.
I'm landing blind.
[plane engine revving]
-Think anyone was close
enough to hear us come in?
-We are still ten kilometers
from the coordinates
you broadcast to me.
-Well. we better start walking.
-If Caterpillar even gave you
the right fucking coordinates.
-[sighs] Stay here.
We'll be fast.
-It's Christmas Eve.
Our wives are expecting us.
-[gunshots banging]
-Tom: Chris!
-[gunshot]
-[Tom grunts]
Vera: There were soldiers
waiting for us when we landed.
I watched them die.
I escaped before
the soldiers got to the plane.
-Wow. So. there were--
there were soldiers. though?
They-- they were
waiting for you?
-They knew you were coming?
-Somebody told them.
-Who?
Who would tell the Russians?
-Your husband.
He was feeding
the information to the Soviets.
-What?
-Your husband was a mole.
-I mean. are-- are you sure?
[scoffs] He-- he was a--
he was a lot of things
but. I mean.
working with the Soviets?
I mean. I--
how-- how do you know?
How do you know this?
-For this information.
I need something else.
-What?
No.
No. no. You're gonna tell me.
Look. I gave--
-[Vera exclaims]
-[Twila gasps]
[gasping]
[dramatic music]
[tense music]
Bea: Okay.
Okay. That's-- that's good.
Yeah. Yeah. that's good.
That's kinda good.
-[Twila gasps]
-Oh. my God!
You almost gave me
a heart attack!
-I. uh
-Twila! Let's get out.
Let's get out.
Let's get out. Let's get out.
-Uh. some-- something. um
-Hang on. Yeah.
-Uh
-What? Wait. wait. wait.
Why are you wet?
-Vera fell into the river.
-Ah. Jesus Christ. Twila.
You gotta be careful.
-She's an old woman.
-No. No. no.
She fell in the river
and she died.
-What?
-Yeah. I don't know.
I don't know. The bridge
she-- she was standing on.
just. the bridge crumpled
and then she fell.
-What. you just left her there?
-Yes!
What was I supposed to do.
drag her body
through the streets of Moscow?
What-- what are you supposed--
-Shit. This is bad.
-Yeah. it's bad. Yeah.
But. um. but. you know.
you know it's not all that bad
because I already got the. uh--
the painting to the Butcher.
so he's gonna set
the meeting and. you know.
we're gonna get that location
for Dane. still. so
-Oh. God. That's good.
-Yeah. that's good.
-Before Vera died. did she
did she say anything?
You know-- you know.
that might be relevant for us.
-Actually. uh yeah.
She. uh--
she said she was there
when Tom and Chris died.
-She said that?
-Yeah.
-She saw them die?
-That's what she said.
-And you believed her?
-Okay.
[somber music]
[Bea breathing shakily]
Oh. God. [sobbing]
I'm sorry. this is so stupid.
-No.
-I don't know. I thought
maybe there was a chance.
-Maybe they were still alive?
-I know that
doesn't make any sense.
I just
I don't know. I-- I kinda--
[sobbing] 'Cause there were
no witnesses. that maybe--
maybe this wasn't real. but--
Oh. God. it is. [weeping]
-Uh
[Bea sobbing]
I don't know if this is helping.
Just. uh
let me know if
you want me to stop. okay?
[Bea sobbing]
[♪]
-Sorry. I just--
I just miss him.
-Yeah.
-Okay. [exhales]
Okay. um [clears throat]
did she--
did she say anything else?
-No. No. nothing else.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
[exhales]
-We should probably let someone
know that our asset is
-Dead.
-dead. yeah.
-Okay.
Okay.
[intriguing music]
I-- I didn't push her.
if that's what you're thinking.
-No. I wasn't thinking that.
-Yeah. 'cause it-- 'cause it was
an accident. so if anyone.
you know. were to find her. it
would-- it would look like one.
-Right.
Right.
If the Russians find the body.
they can come to whatever
conclusions they want.
-Jesus.
-Okay.
I gotta get ready for the show.
But could I get the passport
that we made Vera
so I can destroy it?
-The passport?
-Yes. please.
-I don't have it.
-Where is it?
-She has it.
because I gave it to her.
-If an American passport
is found on the body.
that ties us in to all of this.
Okay.
this is a big fucking problem
and we have very little time.
I'm gonna need you
to act quickly.
Twila: Yeah.
Doing what?
[suspenseful music]
-Okay. So. uh.
so how we gonna do this?
-Uh. I-- I guess we just.
uh. walk out there and. uh.
and-- and reach--
reach in her pockets
and get the passport. yeah?
-Okay. Okay. So-- so do that.
-What-- what-- what about you?
What are you gonna do?
-Well. I'm gonna--
I'm gonna look out.
This is your operation.
so. you know.
-I should probably just
-Right. yeah. okay.
-Okay?
-Yeah.
-Okay. Yeah.
-[water splashing]
Yeah. [sighs]
[gasps] Okay.
[sighs]
Just checking in her coat.
Okay.
-Okay.
-Do we take this with us or
-I-- I-- think so.
-Can I toss it to you?
-Nope. No. don't--
don't throw a gun at me.
-Even if it's been underwater?
-You can just come over.
hand it to me.
-Yeah.
-All right. good job. Okay.
-Okay.
-Don't touch the
-No. No. not gonna
-Okay.
-touch it at all.
-Okay. Okay.
[sighs] Yeah. I think I feel it!
-Oh. thank God.
-Yeah.
-Okay. let's go.
-Yeah. I got it.
Found a-- found a knife. too.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
I hate to say this.
'cause. I. uh
I really do wanna
get out of here. but she--
she's kinda just exposed.
you know?
-I mean
-Maybe we should just
-Ray kinda said. you know.
if the passport wasn't on her.
then it sorta doesn't matter.
-That's fucked up.
-It matters.
-Yeah.
-I mean.
maybe not to the Russians.
but it just--
it should still matter.
I mean. look at her. she's
she's just gonna rot here.
I mean. no one's gonna move her.
No one-- no one cares about her.
She's just
she was completely alone.
She just lived
this life and. uh.
did all this wild shit.
and now--
now she's dead and
no one's gonna
even remember she existed.
That's really sad.
[voice breaking]
[♪]
-Tell me if you want me to stop.
-Yeah.
[Bea sighs] Oh. honey.
[solemn music]
You have to promise me.
-Only if it's
absolutely necessary.
I know.
There's this Russian saying.
you may know it.
--And
Sasha: What is this for?
There are instructions inside.
for something that we need. if
you're still willing to do that?
[Sasha sighs]
Thank you for trusting me.
-You know I'm doing this
for my sister.
Why are you doing this?
-My husband.
I don't know
if you knew I was married.
-You almost said
you had a husband.
-I
don't anymore.
He was killed.
Does that make me
not married now?
He feels so far away.
-You know. my sister.
we-- we were twins.
Am I still a twin if
there is no other twin?
Maybe we're both
something in between of
who we were with them
and who we are without them.
-Hmm.
-I
-Yeah.
-I should
-Goodnight.
-Take care.
[intense music]
[♪]
-Cheryl?
-You may call me
Missus Szymanski.
-Oh. Missus Shis--
Shis-- man-- manki.
I-- I was wondering
if it would be okay
if I came to
the performance tonight.
-Absolutely not.
Um. who would look after Trent?
-Oh. I would bring him.
He's been talking all day
about watching his father sing.
-Well. he has to go to bed.
-[clears throat] Um
-Where have you been?
-I-- I just-- I-- I need the. um
-Eevi: Oh. Of course.
-[Ray laughs]
Thank you.
[Cheryl huffs]
[suspenseful music]
[crowd chattering]
-[Cheryl laughs] Hi.
-Oh.
-Bea: Wow.
-Twila: Yeah.
-Well done. Cheryl. huh?
-Mmm.
-[Twila sighs]
-Shep: Twila.
If you don't cheer
really. really loud
when I sing my song.
you are fired.
-Well. in that case
-Shep: I really should be
singing more songs. though.
You know. people say that
I really-- I own the stage.
-Do you ever think maybe
the problem isn't your voice?
-Alan: Bea.
-Shep? Can we just please
-Yep. yep. yep.
-Hi. Alan.
You mind coming up to my office?
I need to talk to you.
-Of course. Uh. but you know.
the show's about to start.
-I'll have you back in time.
[Alan sighs]
I was wrong about you. Bea.
[Alan exhales]
When I first met you.
I thought you were
just another secretary.
[sighs] But it turns out.
you're a compassionate person.
That's why I'm letting you
in on a secret.
Gretchen and I are
having some problems.
-Oh. Alan.
-I'm gonna be sleeping
in the office for a while.
I'm letting you in on that
so that you can help me
keep that. you know. discreet.
-Of course.
-Thank you.
[laughs]
On the bright side. the. uh.
couch in here
is very comfortable.
-Yeah!
-[both laughing]
And-- and-- and--
and there is nothing
like sleeping
in front of truly fine art.
♪ That I would give
Everything I own ♪
♪ I'd give up my life
My heart. my home ♪
♪ Yeah. I would give
Everything I own ♪
-Everything okay?
-For now.
♪ Just to have you once again ♪
♪ Yeah. just to touch you ♪
-♪ Once again ♪
-Ray's pretty good.
[chuckles]
♪ Ooh! ♪
-Wow!
-Whoo!
-Twila: Okay!
-Yes!
Twila: Wow!
[cheering. applause]
[upbeat music playing]
-Um. for this song.
I would like to invite up
the newest member
of our Embassy family
straight from Helsinki
with a great set of pipes.
It's Eevi! Come on up. Eevi!
Everybody.
give a round of applause!
-Come on. Eevi.
-Come on. Trent.
Let's go to your mom.
-Would it be okay?
-No.
Ray: Okay. ready?
Five. six. five. six.
seven. eight!
♪ Don't go breaking my heart ♪
♪ I couldn't if I tried ♪
♪ Oh. honey. if I get restless
♪
-We should dance!
-I thought you'd never ask.
-Yeah.
♪ Whoo-hoo ♪
♪ And nobody knows it ♪
♪ But when I was down ♪
♪ I was your clown ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
-♪ Nobody knows it ♪
-Come on.
♪ Nobody knows it ♪
♪ But right from the start ♪
♪ I gave you my heart ♪
♪ Oh. I gave you my heart ♪
[distant chatter. laughter]
-Ray: Oh! [laughs]
-Eevi: Sorry! [laughs]
Cheryl: Why didn't you
ask me to do a duet?
Ray: Well. because I-- I didn't
know you wanted to sing. I
Every time I put on music
in the apartment.
you tell me
it gives you a headache.
-Yeah. well.
I don't like music per se.
but I might. if you asked
-Hey. hey.
Next time. I will ask.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-Eevi: Trent?
-Okay.
-Eevi: Trent!
-Trent?
-[Cheryl sighs] Okay.
Eevi: Oh.
-See? She cannot control him.
-Oh. he's fine.
Eevi: Trent?
Where are you?
Come on. Trent.
[ominous music]
-[faint crackling]
-[microphone feedback]
Trent!
[Eevi sighs]
Oh. come here. Careful!
[Eevi giggling]
-When were you planning on
telling me that Vera is dead?
-Now?
[sighs]
-Well. fuck. [sighs]
-Uh. where--
where are you going?
To bed.
We tried.
Not every mission is a success.
-No. no. [scoffs] No.
[chuckles] I mean. this was
a successful mission. though.
I mean. come on. I-- [laughs]
I did all the stuff
I was supposed to do.
You know?
Vera wanted to pay the Butcher.
He's paid. Okay?
And-- and-- and so he's setting
the meeting with Caterpillar.
and he's gonna
get you the coordinates
for the facility you want.
the facility that Tom and Chris
were-- were looking for
when they died.
And he's their contact.
by the way.
So he's gonna know
what happened to 'em.
Caterpillar is key
to finding out what happened.
We're really close here.
And yet the person he was
expecting to meet is dead.
-Wait. No!
Caterpillar's never met Vera.
Ray. right?
That's what you said?
He's never seen her. he doesn't
know what she looks like.
He just knows her
based off her reputation.
So let's just find
a different old Russian woman
and throw her into this meeting.
I mean. he would
never know the difference.
-I could do it. I could--
-You don't speak Russian.
She does! Just-- just
put a Babushka on her.
-I could get the wig master.
-You got a wig master?
-This is a life
and death situation.
not a high school production
of "Bye. Bye Birdie."
Caterpillar will
see this woman up close.
So she has to be
Vera's age. Vera's profile.
Russian. but on our side.
which means we have to
already know her
and she has to already know us.
So unless any of you have
another elderly Russian woman
who you would trust
with your life
-Dane?
I do.
[man on TV]
All over the world. little guys
are standing up to tyrants.
but not me.
[woman on TV]
Well. I hate violence.
-[doorbell chimes]
-In fact. my father
always told us in his sermons.
he who lives by the sword
["You Are the Woman"
by Firefall playing]
♪ You are the woman
That I've always dreamed of ♪
♪ I knew it from the start ♪
♪ I saw your face
And that's the last ♪
♪ I've seen of my heart ♪
♪ It's not so much
The things you say to me ♪
♪ It's not the things you do ♪
♪ It's how I feel each time
You're close to me ♪
♪ That keeps me close to you ♪
♪ Whoa. oh ♪
♪ You are the woman
That I've always dreamed of ♪
♪ I knew it from the start ♪
♪ I saw your face
And that's the last ♪
♪ I've seen of my heart ♪
♪ I saw your face
And that's the last ♪
-♪ I've seen of my heart ♪
-♪ Of my heart ♪
♪ I saw your face
And that's the last ♪
-♪ I've seen of my heart ♪
-♪ Of my heart ♪
♪ Ooh. of my heart ♪